README.md, before:

# ![fiskeoye](./src/main/resources/META-INF/pluginIcon.svg) Fiskeoye

[![Build](https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/fiskeoye-plugin/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/fiskeoye-plugin/actions/workflows/build.yml)

<!-- Plugin description -->
Simple intellij plugin that wraps the features found in fiskeoye. The plugin was developed as part of skipit at Statens Pensjonskasse.
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Build

Clone the project

```
git clone https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/fiskeoye-plugin.git
```

Build the plugin using gradle wrapper

```
./gradlew clean buildPlugin
```

Locate the zip

```
cd build/distributions/
ls
fiskeoye-plugin-0.0.1.zip
```

## Installation

- Using IDE built-in plugin system:

  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "Fiskeoye"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install Plugin</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/fiskeoye-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

## Usage

Before using the fiskeoye-plugin, we must configure the `base-url` (starting with `https://`) for fiskeoye using
<kbd>Settings</kbd> > <kbd>Tools</kbd> > <kbd>Fiskeoye</kbd> > <kbd>Base-url</kbd>

![Image Alt text](./images/fiskeoye_2.png)

In order to use the plugin select a piece of code, right click (or use the context menu button) then use <kbd>Fiskeoye</kbd> > <kbd>Search with File Content / File Name</kbd> 

![Image Alt text](./images/fiskeoye_3.png)

This will result in the fiskeoye window being open (Shortcut `ALT` + `F10`), press `Enter` or click `Search`.

![Image Alt text](./images/fiskeoye_4.png)

Double-click item in the list will result in default browser being open with the result.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

This project is governed by the [SPK Open Source and Community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/offentlig). Please make sure you read it.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template

Commit message:

Fix typo (#31)
* Fix typo

* Add Prerequisites section to README.md

* Remove internal api

* Adding check for input is empty

README.md, after:

# ![fiskeoye](./src/main/resources/META-INF/pluginIcon.svg) Fiskeoye

[![Build](https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/fiskeoye-plugin/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/fiskeoye-plugin/actions/workflows/build.yml)

<!-- Plugin description -->
Simple intellij plugin that wraps the features found in fiskeoye. The plugin was developed as part of Ship-It at Statens Pensjonskasse.
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Prerequisites

IntelliJ Platform version 2023.3 or above.

## Build

Clone the project

```
git clone https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/fiskeoye-plugin.git
```

Build the plugin using gradle wrapper

```
./gradlew clean buildPlugin
```

Locate the zip

```
cd build/distributions/
ls
fiskeoye-plugin-0.0.1.zip
```

## Installation

- Using IDE built-in plugin system:

  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "Fiskeoye"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install Plugin</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/fiskeoye-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

## Usage

Before using the fiskeoye-plugin, we must configure the `base-url` (starting with `https://`) for fiskeoye using
<kbd>Settings</kbd> > <kbd>Tools</kbd> > <kbd>Fiskeoye</kbd> > <kbd>Base-url</kbd>

![Image Alt text](./images/fiskeoye_2.png)

In order to use the plugin select a piece of code, right click (or use the context menu button) then use <kbd>Fiskeoye</kbd> > <kbd>Search with File Content / File Name</kbd> 

![Image Alt text](./images/fiskeoye_3.png)

This will result in the fiskeoye window being open (Shortcut `ALT` + `F10`), press `Enter` or click `Search`.

![Image Alt text](./images/fiskeoye_4.png)

Double-click item in the list will result in default browser being open with the result.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

This project is governed by the [SPK Open Source and Community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/statens-pensjonskasse/offentlig). Please make sure you read it.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
